Update shader compilation jank guide (#11520)
flutter/website: src/content/perf/shader.md

{% render docs/performance.md %}

This document describes what shader compilation jank is and how to minimize it.

Shader compilation jank is the annoying stutter you sometimes see in
animations, especially the first time you run an app. This happens because the
app has to compile shaders while it's running.

> If you are using [Impeller][], Flutter's default mobile renderer, you shouldn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app is using [Impeller][], Flutter's default mobile renderer, you shouldn't
```

Reviewer 2: Even betterer:
If your app uses [Impeller][], Flutter's default mobile renderer,
you shouldn't

![A tracing screenshot verifying jank](/assets/images/docs/perf/render/tracing.png){:width="100%"}

## How to reduce compilation jank

If you're not using Flutter's Impeller graphics renderer and you're creating an
iOS app, you can minimize shader compilation jank by bundling precompiled
shaders with your iOS app. To learn more, see the iOS app development
documentation.

> If you're not using Flutter's Impeller graphics renderer and you're creating an

Reviewer 3: We don't actually recommend/support using the cached sksl on android - we found that the shaders generated weren't compatible across different devices so its not safe to do. I don't know where we documented this

Reviewer 3: I would vote for removing all documentation on SkSL warmup, as we plan to remove all of the tooling for it in the next quarter or so.

Author: I was wondering about this. I'll remove the documentation since it appears to be obsolete.

Android app, you can minimize shader compilation jank with the `cache-sksl`
command line tool. To learn more, see [How to use SkSL warmup](#how-to-use-sksl-warmup).

## How to use SkSL warmup

To reduce shader compilation jank when a user first opens an Android app, you
can use Flutter's `cache-sksl` command-line tool. This tool precompiles shaders
into SkSL (Skia Shading Language) format, which can then be bundled with your
Android app.

Important considerations:

* On Android, precompiled shaders are device or GPU-specific.
* The precompiled shaders for Android might only work with a subset of devices.
* Precompiled shaders could make jank worse or produce errors on some
  types of Android devices while making jank better on others.
* With `cache-sksl`, you can precompile shaders for one specific class of

>   Android device at a time.

Reviewer: If keeping this section, update "Android device" to "Android-powered device". Not super important, but the style guide does call it out: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#android-powered
